Previously I was a sales representative for a food distribution company when the pandemic hit. At that point with so many restaurants closing their doors I was laid off. So many people saw the lockdown as I waste of time but I decided to see it as an opportunity. I decided to better myself with the time and discover what my next path should be. I started thinking about what was important to me, what I had been missing in my previous job and what interested me. I started taking free online coding classes and realized that I really loved it. It was a new type of challenge that I had not previously experience and it also gave me a chance to be creative with what I was creating. I was no longer just pushing overpriced products but creating something that could be used for good. 
I was previously working for a company that’s only goal was to make money even if it hurt the businesses we were supposed to be helping. That is against who I am as a person and not the type of company I want to work for. We all have to opportunity to help others and better the world along the way and that is what I want to do. I believe in doing good for more then just myself and helping others along the way. With everything that is going on in the tech industry and the advancements being made being a dev is the perfect place for me. I have a chance to help shape what the tech industry looks like and make it a more inclusive.
 I believe the tech industry was started without knowing really what it was or its full potential and now we are realizing that this was bad.  This industry is now spanning into every part of life so we need to start taking notice of the morality side of it and start aiming to do more than just create and make money. We need to bring a balance to the industry and in turn to people's lives. After graduating from Turing I plan to look for a job outside of Colorado and maybe outside of the United States. Traveling and being submersed in another culture makes you a more well rounded person and a better developer. I am not completely sure what company I want to work for or what job I want but I want to work for a company that I am proud of and one who I see as doing good for the world. 