https://gist.github.com/ADavidson02/eeb0f80e0ba7b65c83afadd363813761

Reflect on your habits from last module. What behaviors and activities were helpful for you? What activities and behaviors could be more effective for you? What processes would you like to try differently this module to become more effective at your work and as a software developer?
  	One habit that helped me succeed in Mod 1 was reaching out for help when I was either stuck or confused. Once I started asking for help instead of just relying on myself to know or find the answers. 
	One habit I need to work on is scheduling. Last mod I felt that time really got away from me so I was not able to achieve everything I wanted to in a day. If I can start scheduling my week on Sunday afternoons I can ensure that I achieve everything I want to for the week. 

Setting intentions for this module: who do I want to be this module? What specific habits would help me get there? How are those habits tied to the identity of a software developer?
  This mod I would like to be more outgoing and work on networking. I will sign up for the donuts channel to work on networking and get used to talking to people I do not know and making connections. Networking is a skill that is vital to being a software developer to advance your career and become a better person. 
Incorporate temptation bundling to create a new habit by using this template:

After [CURRENT HABIT], I will [HABIT I NEED TO DO].
  After I time block, I will schedual what I need to do during the time blocks. 
  
After [HABIT I NEED], I will [HABIT I WANT TO DO].
  After I start to network, I will be more able to go to meet ups. 
  
How to enjoy “hard” habits: Reframe your habits to consider their benefits rather than their drawbacks; name 3 habits that you have to do and explain the benefits of them. How do they further your goals longterm? How will they add to your processes as a successful developer? At the end of the day, how do they add to your life?
  	One habit I currently have is to walk the dogs at least once a day. This habit is making me healthier and helps me relax. Second habit is to put my technology down during dinner to really focus on my husband and we get to spend quality time together. A third habit I have is to read before bed to try and relax my mind and decompress before sleeping.
	These habits make me a better more relaxed and focused person. I am not as stressed out all the time because I am taking time to relax and decompress. 
	This will lead to me being a better team mate, more relatable and kinder. No one wants to work with someone who is stressed and unhappy and I feel it also makes me less creative. These habits are small but they all add up to my work/life balance that will help me be a better developer. 

Environment design (optional 5-min. additional reading: Motivation is Overvalued. Environment Often Matters More): how does your environment set-up currently help you with your habits? How could it be improved to make it easier for you to follow through on your habits?
  My environment currently helps with my habits becuase I do not have any distractions in my office, I am able to close the doors and let my family know I am working and should not be bothered. I could inprove my environment by having a larger desk so I do not have to put stuff on the ground. The clutter of books and papers on the ground causes me stress which does not help me focus. 
  
“When you start a new habit, it should take less than two minutes to do.” Read this 4-min article on how to stop procrastinating. Apply the 2-minute rule to reframe 2-3 of your habits by scaling them down into the 2-minute version. How does this reframing help you think about shaping your new identity as a software developer?
  The 2-minute rule makes success feel more attainable. If I am focused on the present and suceeding for 2 minutes then I will not be stressed about failing in the end. This will help me stay focused on the present, the present problem or the present task at hand. This makes me feel less anxious and less stressed because I am focused on the 2 minutes. 
