Power of self-reflection
What is challenging about self-reflection?
It is hard to see the negative in oneself. Its hard to get perspective when you are so close to the situation.

How can you continue to build the habit of self-reflection at Turing?
Take time every night to reflect on the day and how you felt, what occurred and what you would change.
Look at both good and bad interactions to understand why I felt the way I did.

Social identity mapping
First, create you own social identity map on a piece of paper (or print this out):
This is in a file in my professional development file.

Outer ring: write words that describe your given identity
Middle ring: list aspects of your chosen identity
Center: write your core attributes—traits, behaviors, beliefs, values, characteristics, and skills that you think make you unique as an individual. Select things that are enduring and key to who you are.
After you complete your map:

Underline the items that are important to you
Put a + beside the items that you believe clearly demonstrate that you fit into the tech industry
Put a - beside the items that you believe do not demonstrate that you fit into the tech industry
Put a ? beside the items that you’re unsure how they could show your ability to contribute to the tech industry
Reflect:

What does your social identity tell you about what you already bring to the tech industry?
I bring the experiences of being a female in a male dominated industry. I bring kindness and openness to a space that is very intimidating for most.

What would it look like for some of your minuses or question marks to turn into pluses? In other words, how could some of these traits be assets for the tech industry?
Values mapping Pull out 5 values for each bullet below from this list:
Always valued: kindness, agreeable, self-discipline, adventure
Often valued:caution, organized, respect, 
Sometimes valued: quiet, optimism, work alone, diligence
Seldom valued: honesty, ethical, fairness, respect
Reflect:

What do these values tell you about yourself?
That I am more self focused and self driven. For me it's better to be kind, not cause waves and then do what is best for me in the background. 

Workview & Lifeview

Summarize what good, worthwhile work means to you (Tip: this is NOT about what work you want to do but about why work matters to you):
To me work is something that you achieve and have pride in. The work does not matter as much as doing it to the best of my ability.
I have learned that if I feel like I am being deceitful or acting immoral in my job in some way then I have a hard time doing a good job or putting my
energy into the work. 

Lifeview: summarize what you value in life; what matters to you?
I value spending my time on things and activities that make me happy. I value being happy and enjoying who I am around and what I am doing. I value enjoying 
life because time in finite and should be enjoyed. 

Where do your views on work and life complement each other?
I believe a career in the tech industry will complement my work/life because there are a lot of people who need pro bono work that I would be able to help 
with. I enjoy working with others and collaborating on projects. 

Where do they clash?
I am very honest and if a job goes against my morals I have a hard time putting the company before morals or what I see as being "right". 
I also have a hard time in passive aggressive situations with bosses that will not be straight forward with what they want or expect. 


Does one drive the other? How?
Yes my moral compass drives every decision that I make and how I live my life. I am not good at speaking up when I feel like there is an immoral situation
or mistreatment which effects my drive and happiness.  
